the biggest seo mistake i've ever made
what does a national park a war and a
casino all have in common
well i'll give you a hint it involved my
biggest seo mistake
leave a comment below letting me know
what you think my biggest seo mistake is
i gave you that hint right
now before i break down my seo mistake i
want to first tell you that you need to
think long term see i was short-sighted
when i first got started into the world
of entrepreneurship and marketing when i
was in my early 20s and even before that
when i was 16 17 18 because i started
seo when i was around 16 years old and
to give you context now i'm 37
i want to make money fast so fast i look
for shortcuts and there was this one
site called battlefield bypass which was
expired domain with a lot of
authoritative links these links were
naturally generated and not purchased
because it was a national park site and
that was part of a war that happened on
that land so i bought it converted into
online casino site within months i was
ranking the top three positions on
google for the term online casino that
keyword is worth hundreds and thousands
of dollars a month in affiliate revenue
not thousands hundreds and thousands to
give you perspective that's millions of
dollars a year that's a lot of money
especially when you're under 20 years
old but within months google whacked me
all of a sudden that site lost all of
its rankings in essence i was trying to
cheat the system by getting traffic and
rankings by cheating instead of
providing value see the sites that rank
in the top in the long run are the ones
that users love the most
no one that cheats their way to the top
lasts forever just think of it this way
you don't really care if a site at the
top has a lot of backlinks or better
on-page code you only care if that site
solves your problem and ideally in a
quick and affordable fashion now i
learned a lot from this mistake and i
made tons of others as well but i had
the shortcut mentality when i was young
and i was growing up and if i could go
back in time i would stop taking
shortcuts and i would be much further in
my career even as an entrepreneur
that's my big seo mistake if you're
struggling with seo and you don't want
to make all the mistakes that i've made
and you want to get your rankings by
providing value to users and using
ethical cleaning tactics check out my ad
agency np digital if you have any
questions leave a comment below i'm here
to help if you enjoy the video like it
share it tell the people about it